Improve CI/CD documentation (#294)
kestra-io/kestra.io: content/docs/05.developer-guide/13.cicd/index.md

## Introduction

Manual deployments can be challenging. CI/CD pipelines are a great way to automate the validation and deployment of your workflows. This section explains several ways of creating a CI/CD pipeline for your Kestra resources.

## Why a CI/CD pipeline?

> A CI/CD process helps ensure fast and reliable deployments. Your changes get deployed automatically, as soon as they get peer-reviewed and merged to a Git branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CI/CD process helps ensure fast and reliable deployments. Your changes get deployed automatically, as soon as they get peer-reviewed and merged to a VCS (Version Control System) like Git.
```

Git is not the only VCS

## CI/CD for data workflows

There are several ways to create a CI/CD pipeline for your flows in Kestra. Pick one of the options listed below that best suits your needs.

<ChildTableOfContents :max="1" />

### Kestra CLI 

Kestra CLI provides several [commands](./04.helpers.md) for validating and deploying your flows.

> If you run Kestra in a container, you can access those as follows:

Reviewer: I would prefere to only show the CLI command, the way people access the CLI (inside docker or not) is not relevant.
In the future, we will have a proper CLI separate from the Docker container used to run Kestra itself.

* `--local`: performs the validation locally using the client. By default, Kestra validates flows server-side (a remote API call to your Kestra server).
* `--server`: allows you to specify the remote server URL. The default URL is [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080).

For all available CLI options on both `flow validate` and `flow namespace update` commands, use the `-h` or `--help` flag:

```bash
./kestra flow validate -h
./kestra flow namespace update -h
```

#### Templates 

Templates can be validated and deployed in the same way as flows:

```bash
docker exec -it kestra-container-name /bin/bash
./kestra template validate path-to-template-directory
./kestra template namespace update template-namespace-to-update path-to-template-directory
```

### Deploy flows... from a flow!

The CLI commands explained above can be used in a Bash script within a flow. This way, your CI/CD pipeline can be managed directly from your Kestra instance. 

```yaml
id: ci-cd
namespace: prod
variables:
  host: "http://your_host_name:8080/" # e.g. "http://localhost:8080/"

>   auth: "yourUsername:yourPassword" # e.g. "" - leave as empty string for a locally running Kestra instance

Reviewer: There is no auth yet on OSS so it's better to leave auth out of scope.
In EE this will be a little more complex when using OIDC.

![github_webhook_1](github_webhook_1.png)

Paste Kestra's webhook URL into the *Payload URL* field, as shown below. The webhook to trigger a Kestra flow should be in the following format:

```bash
https://kestra_host_url/api/v1/executions/webhook/namespace/flow_id/webhook_key
```

![github_webhook_2](github_webhook_2.png)

> Note that we configured this webhook to be sent upon a push event to the default production branch, but you can choose the option "Let me select individual events" for further customization e.g. to trigger the flow any time there is a new pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we configured this webhook to be sent upon a push event to the default branch, but you can choose the option "Let me select individual events" for further customization e.g. to trigger the flow any time there is a new pull request.
```
